{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f53\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020404030301010803}Garamond;}{\f112\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f113\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f115\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f116\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f117\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f118\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f119\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f128\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f129\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f131\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f132\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}
{\f133\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f134\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f135\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f536\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Garamond CE;}{\f537\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Garamond Cyr;}
{\f539\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Garamond Greek;}{\f540\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Garamond Tur;}{\f543\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Garamond Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info
{\author Laboratory Informatics}{\operator Mark Routbort}{\creatim\yr2007\mo9\dy7\hr1\min5}{\revtim\yr2007\mo9\dy13\hr21\min8}{\version4}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords272}{\nofchars1557}{\*\company UTMDACC}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8243}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f53 SQL Comparator: \tab }{\f53 
A simple utility to compare and identify differences in tabular row sets from two stored procedures or arbitrary SQL code snippets.}{\b\f53 
\par }{\f53 
\par }{\b\i\f53\cf6 WARNING}{\f53 : Execution of dynamic SQL against production databases can be harmful.  This utility disables running queries with data modification keywords such as INSERT or DELETE.
\par 
\par In \'93simple\'94 mode, this basic utility is designed to compare equally-dimensioned rowsets (identical column and row-count) only, for validation purposes to see the effects of proposed database changes.
\par 
\par In \'93advanced compare mode\'94, an approximation algorithm will be used to identify fully matched, partially matched, and unmatched rows between 
the two row sets. Matching will only occur across equally named columns; i.e. for purposes of matching, extra or differently named columns will not be considered.  Naturally, at least one column must be shared between the two row sets for a comparison to 
occur.  The stringency of partial matching can be adjusted by specifying the "maximum number of column mismatches" parameter.  Note that performance of the application can be severely impacted by specifying a large number of allowable column mismatches.

\par 
\par }{\f2\fs20 Copyright 2007 Mark Routbort
\par     
\par This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
\par 
\par This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.
\par 
\par You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
\par }}